Doc-900 K8s Heart of gold release updates (#1648)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/release-notes/k8s-6-2-8-tbd-2021-11.md

* Use explicit object instead of wildcard for roles (RED-38013)
* Advanced use case support for custom attributes for REC stateful set and rigger pods (RED-56502, RED-62550, RED-63426)
* Services rigger and K8s controller image changed to ubi-minimal lightweight base image (RED-61866)
* Support for the Redis upgrade policy setting through the REC API (RED-63000)

## Fixed bugs

* Fixed issue of log rotation not working on OpenShift (RED-64726)

## Known limitations

### Long cluster names cause routes to be rejected  (RED-25871)

A cluster name longer than 20 characters will result in a rejected route configuration because the host part of the domain name will exceed 63 characters. The workaround is to limit cluster name to 20 characters or less.

### Cluster CR (REC) errors are not reported after invalid updates (RED-25542)

A cluster CR specification error is not reported if two or more invalid CR resources are updated in sequence.

### An unreachable cluster has status running (RED-32805)

When a cluster is in an unreachable state, the state is still `running` instead of being reported as an error.

### Readiness probe incorrect on failures (RED-39300)

> STS Readiness probe does not mark a node as "not ready" when running `rladmin status` on the node fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
STS Readiness probe does not mark a node as "not ready" when running `rladmin status` on node failure.
```
